[RUDEUS] I was so preoccupied
with my little buddy's
brief recovery yesterday
that I was hardly able to sleep
Fitz was all I
could think about,
and yet, not so much as
a twitch from downstairs.
What a traitor.
At least I know all
hope isn't lost, I guess.
Good morning, Master Luke.
How are you?
A bit surprised to
see you up so early.
Do we need to have
a talk about Fitz?
I can't think of any
reason we would.
Really?
Not a single one?
[RUDEUS] Fair. I can see
why he wouldn't trust me.
I may be repeating
myself, Luke.
I don't know.
But listen, I have no intention
of opposing any of you.
I don't know anything
about Master Fitz,
or any secrets
he might be hiding.
You're truly that willing
to feign ignorance for us?
How come?
I've cut all ties
with our family,
so I have no loyalty
to them over you.
Moreover, I'm kind of afraid to
get on the Princess's bad side.
And I would prefer
to leave it at that.
[RUDEUS] The last thing I want
is to make trouble for Fitz.
But this isn't going
to be easy for me.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Um.
[clears throat]
Your Highness? You asked
for me to meet you, so...
I've been made aware
that Rudeus approached us
while we were out
shopping the other day.
He was suspicious
of your behavior.
Hm...
And later,
he threw you to the floor
of the library,
and then you fled the scene,
shouting that you're 'a man.'
or something like that,
according to the rumors.
It's concerning, because
if he touched you,
I have no doubt
he knows that's a lie.
This morning,
Rudeus claimed that
he was willing
to keep your secret
so as to not antagonize me.
However, I believe
that he simply
means to do right
by a close friend.
I admire his devotion.
Now.
What do you intend
to do about this?
I completely understand that
you want to take your time,
no need to rush
something so important.
However, after six months
without any
progress to speak of,
Even I've grown impatient.
I have to say something.
W-wha...
And soon it will be your turn.
I've grown tired of
watching you dither about
something so obviously
important to you.
[ARIEL] So kindly
work up the courage
to reveal yourself to the boy.
And that's a direct
order, Sylphie.
Princess, I...
What do you want
most right now?
Really think about it.
Mm mm...
To be frank,
you've spent far too
much time fretting over me.
Your debts have
long been repaid.
It's time to think about
yourself.
No, I can't.
I want to stay by your side
because I care about you.
I know.
And holding back
for my sake is your style.
But listen,
You're not my servant
anymore. You're my friend.
So if you want something,
I want you to put that first.
Stop prioritizing me,
I'll be just fine without you.
But that...would
be such a betrayal.
No, it most certainly
would not, silly!
Now, be brave.
Tell me what you want.
Then I guess...
I think...
♪
What I want...is
to be with Rudy.
Well done, Sylphie.
[SYLPHIETTE]
But...
if Rudy doesn't remember me
I don't think
I'll ever recover.
So what am I
supposed to say to him?
Don't worry.
We'll figure it out together.
[ARIEL] Perhaps it would
be best to keep things simple.
Why not just tell him
you're the Sylphiette
who grew up with him
in Buena Village?
That may not work out.
If he truly doesn't
remember her,
the name may not
ring any bells, either.
Hm...
Do any memories of your time
together stand out?
Oh, let me think...
Well, um, I believe
I've told you about
how I used to get
bullied, haven't I?
Yes.
[ARIEL laughs]
You mentioned
that you were bullied
for your gorgeous hair color.
I first met Rudy
when he stepped in
to save me from
getting picked on.
I'd say that has to be
my favorite memory of him.
[both chuckling]
Has anything else
sprung to mind yet?
Not really. Sorry.
Oh, wait!
There is one thing...
When we met,
Rudy actually
thought I was a boy
for a few weeks
or a month, at least.
But we got caught
in a rainstorm
while we were out
practicing magic,
and so we had to take a bath
together back at his house.
He kinda undressed me.
And then he pulled
my panties down himself,
so uh, he saw my private parts
and that's when he realized
that I'm, um, actually a girl.
[ARIEL] I see!
That's...quite the story.
Thank you for sharing.
I've finalized
the details of our plan.
But before we start,
do allow me to confirm
one thing with you.
Oh, of course.
[ARIEL] Sylphie,
you said the other day
that you want to
'be with Rudeus'
but I want to know what that
means to you, specifically.
What sort of relationship?
Hm...
[SYLPHIETTE]
We would share a bed.
And he can be crude sometimes,
so he might say something like,
'I want to put a baby in you.'
Oh! But then
I'll be crude, too.
So I could say something like,
'Oh, Rudy! I'll take as many
as you want to give me!'
and then we'll go to our room.
Then he'll chuckle,
and he'll say,
"I want a lot".
And we'll kiss and start
undressing each other.
Then I'll laugh, too,
and say something like,
'Well, we better
get started, then!'
You know? Something like that!
[clears throat]
Sylphie,
your success here depends
entirely on your efforts.
Oh, right.
Failures of nerve
will not be tolerated.
If you come back
and tell me that you once again
couldn't find the courage
to speak up when it counted,
by my authority
as a princess of Asura,
I shall forbid you any further
contact with Rudeus Greyrat
for as long as you both live.
So give this your all.
Are we clear?
Yes, ma'am.
Wonderful.
Now then,
[ARIEL]
let's discuss the plan. Hmm.
Mm.
-Rudeus.
-Oh, Master Fitz!
What can I do for you?
Oh, well...
Um...
Can we talk somewhere else?
It's a bit sensitive.
Yeah, of course.
So, Zanoba, just go ahead
with what we discussed.
Yes, sir! I have your notes,
and you can count
on me to fill in the rest!
Okay, so what's going on?
Uh...
I actually have a pretty
big favor to ask of you.
Well, rest assured!
I'll be there with all
the force of a red dragon.
Hold on a second.
I haven't told you
what it is yet.
Master Fitz, if it was for you,
I would even shoot down
a flying fortress.
Well, all right.
So the thing is,
Princess Ariel is frustrated
because another noble keeps
bragging about her bodyguard,
and at my expense.
Oh. Okay.
The noble tells her,
'And my 'Fitz' has
braved the Forest of Hail.
He was only
in a party of four,
they brought back this
flower that only grows there,
things of that nature.
A flower that only grows
in the Forest of Hail?
I guess that would be
the Freeze Fringe.
That blooms in winter.
Yes. Well, after that,
Princess Ariel had gone
way too far to back down,
and she might have said,
"Silent Fitz could do that
with an even smaller
group, no problem."
Now I get it.
Well, I'll tell you what...
Let me ask around
about the flower.
I bet I could find you
a deal on one.
What? Rudeus, no, no, no
that would just be cheating!
I'm supposed to go out
and show what I'm capable of!
Sure, but there's more
than one kind of power.
Having connections at
your disposal is one of them.
Sorry, I can't do that.
Princess Ariel
would be humiliated
if word were to get out.
I see, okay.
Oh, wait!
Stepped Leader is in town,
I could get a hold of them.
[SYLPHIETTE]
No! Rudeus!
It's fine. Don't worry.
We can set it up so they just
"coincidentally" enter
the forest
at the same time we do.
But couldn't you and I
pull this off?
If you ask me, I think we'd be
just fine without them.
I guess that's true.
In which case, I would be more
than happy to accept the job.
[sighs]
Thank you so much, Rudeus!
I was so nervous about going
into the forest by myself.
[SYLPHIETTE]
I'm sorry that I basically
left all the prep work to you.
No, that's okay.
And it's only natural
if I'm the one playing
bodyguard today.
Well, wait.
Should I be paying you
for your services, then?
Of course not.
I'm doing this
because we're friends.
I don't want
anything from you.
I'm just glad to help.
Right, but, you don't have
to be here at all,
so the least I could do is
pay you for your time,
-don't you think?
-Well...
I don't exactly come cheap.
I-I'm sure you don't,
but still...
[SYLPHIETTE]
Buying Rudy with money?
[gasps]
Sorry.
Uh, let's keep moving!
[RUDEUS]
This flower blooms on a cliff.
I can melt us a path
pretty much straight to it,
but it's going to take
some paying attention.
Would you keep an eye out
for threats while I do that?
[SYLPHIETTE] I kept thinking
about that staff
after I fetched it for you
the other day.
It's really something.
I mean, all made-to-order,
with a colored magic crystal.
I've never seen anything
like it outside of the palace.
Yeah,
a young noblewoman
I tutored for a while
gave it to me
for my 10th birthday.
Do you think...I could
try holding it for a bit?
You've seen my beginner's
wand, but that's all I have.
I've always wanted
to try out a staff.
Well, here.
Go on, take it.
Got a good grip?
Pretty hefty, right?
Yeah.
It's so thick.
Was this staff designed to be
held with two hands?
I don't know.
I thought it must have
been sized
for me to use when I grew up.
Huh?
[SYLPHIETTE]
Okay.
All according to plan so far.
So, next...
♪
Red tower.
[SYLPHIETTE]
I hope this works.
[rumbling]
Perfect! Here we go!
A storm?
Look at those clouds.
We might be in for rain.
You're right.
We should look for shelter.
It's fine.
I'll have the sky clear
in no time.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Oh, no!
Just like Rudy taught me.
I'll gather moisture
into the clouds,
cool it, and let it fall!
Hm?
-Wow. I'm sorry, Master Fitz.
-[panting]
I must be having
an off day for some reason.
Oh. Don't apologize.
It's probably just because
I'm still holding your staff,
right?
[SYLPHIETTE]
I knew taking his staff away
wouldn't stop him using magic,
but I didn't expect
I'd need to use it!
Well, not much we can do
now that it's coming down.
But look, there's a cave
not too far up ahead.
Might as well post up there
for a while.
Uh, good idea.
[rain pattering]
This look okay to you?
[RUDEUS]
There's been something fishy
about this whole
venture from the start.
Master Fitz has been acting
weird ever since she hired me.
And now this sudden,
unseasonable downpour?
Someone may have
created that storm with magic.
I wonder if Fitz
has picked up on that.
She looks a little tense, which
suggests to me that she has.
But she's still oddly calm.
Maybe she expected interference
from that other
noble's bodyguard.
[fire crackling]
[RUDEUS]
Okay...
That should do it
for my clothes.
But what about my underwear?
I'm not really comfortable
taking them off
in front of Fitz.
I can dry...
-Hey, Master Fitz?
-Y-yes?
W-what's the matter?
Um, a girl I know told me
that showing bare skin
to members of a different
race is taboo among elves.
So, to that point,
Uh?
I'm going to turn around
and keep my eyes closed.
You just change
and get dried off,
and let me know
whenever you're done.
[RUDEUS]
Master Fitz?!
Please, at least
take that coat off.
You're going to make yourself
sick. You know that, right?
Do you want me to make you
a little stall or something?
Or maybe I could just leave the
cave entirely, how about that?
That should work.
I'll go right now.
Wait.
Come on.
You'll get sick.
Yeah,
you're right.
So let go.
You can't stay
in those clothes.
It could kill you.
You're losing too much heat.
Yeah. I could die here
Unless you help me.
I can't seem
to get my clothes off.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Undress me.
If you can't
manage it yourself,
then I suppose I'll have to.
Y-you know,
I am already aware of the fact
that you're actually a woman.
Yes.
But, I could still die here,
unless you hurry
and take my clothes off.
[RUDEUS] Where have I seen
those blushing ears before?
It's so familiar.
Something like this
happened to me
a long time ago, didn't it?
When I was...
five or six, maybe.
Rudy,
you're not quite done yet.
Master Fitz,
I have a question.
What is it?
Ask away.
Is your name,
I mean, is your real name...
Sylphiette, by any chance?
Yes, it is.
♪
[sobbing]
That's right.
It's me.
It's Sylphiette.
From Buena Village.
I said it,
finally.
[RUDEUS] Looks like
she's still a crybaby.
The more things change.
I waited,
I've waited so, so long.
And I worked really hard.
The whole time I was in Buena.
Yeah. I know.
I love you, Rudy.
I've always loved you.
I loved you back then.
And now I love you even more.
Please never leave me again.
[SYLPHIETTE] I want
to stay with you forever.